# Ideas

## "The Lead", Investigative Reporter

While docked at a station you get a message from the manager of a different
station. He says you're about to get a request to transport someone to his
station. He wants you to accept, but instead of taking her to his station, he
wants you to head to a location he'll give you and hand the passenger over to
some asociates that will be waiting for you. He'll pay you twice what she
offers to do this. He appreciates your discretion.

Later, while you're at the station, you get a message from someone that wants
transport to a station, as expected. She says she's on a deadline and needs to
get there urgently.

You can agree to help her (starting the story chain) or decide to stay out of
it (having no dramatic effect, but maybe we play coy about the impact).

Next, you can take her to her destination or the location the station manager
gave you. Take too long to do either and she'll jump ship and find a different
way on her own. This should be similar to other sorts of transport missions.

...TBD content...

It turns out she's a reporter investigating a criminal conspiracy in the
sector. She thinks the station she's booked passage to is a hub for criminal
activity and wants to poke around. If you help her, nothing seems to happen
right away. Maybe she contacts you again in the future. Maybe she dies
mysteriously (maybe both!)

The station manager that contacted you is actually a leutenant in an organized
crime ring. His associates are low-level thugs that will intimidate or kill the
reporter.  This leaves plenty of loose ends to tie up. If you do as he asks,
nothing immediately happens. But he'll get back in touch with you in the
future, to get more involved in the crime ring.

Given the setting, the criminal and semi-criminal world is the norm. Helping
her is dangerous. Any station manager is a powerful figure, a leutenant in a
crime much more so. And maybe things get morally ambiguous after the big
opener. Maybe the station manager is a hard-but-fair leader, mentor, mission
giver type.

Following up on the investigation might be rewarding from a story perspective.
Likely the conclusion will be more status quo than reveletory for the sector.

## New Hab Miner Start

Player starts as a new miner. They don't own anything, work for a refinery
station manager who works for a hab. They're on a mining ship and get direct
instructions from the station manager. This is like a tutorial.

They get instructions to set up their agenda for mining and to mine some
resources. There's more tutorial stuff to follow. This leads to a path that
gets them free of direct, explicit supervision, but maybe the player can short
circuit that.

* Set up Mining Agendum (only allowed to mine given resource, sell to refinery)
* Mine a full load of resources
* Deliver to station
* Set up Trading Agendum (only allowed to buy refined good from refinery, sell to any station)
* Pick up refined goods from same station
* Sell to different station (not owned by the hab)
* Repeat this process until something happens (level up agenda?)

Intro comms from the refinery agent (simiarly working for the hab):

So you're the new miner fresh from the hab. Whatever your story, a criminal or
one of those "idealistic" types, I don't want to know. Let's try not to get you
killed before you've recouped the cost of pilot placement.

Your job is to mine ore and ferry refined materials for this station. If it
wasn't obvious this is what's keeping the hab habitable, so try not to frack it
up. I'm your boss, just like the admin at the hab is my boss. We've both got
quotas to meet, so follow orders, and let's get going.

Can you handle some mining in this vessel they've got you in, or do you need
some hand holding? (Y/N to enter basic manuevering and mining tutorial)

...Tutorial goes here (manual piloting controls, docking with the station, zoom
controls, navigating to the asteroid, mining the asteroid)...

Alright, go grab a full load of RESOURCE and dock back here at STATION to drop
it off.

...MANAGER sends comms after some period of time if they don't return fast enough...

...Player returns with the goods...

Get that ore unloaded and we can get started on the second half of your job: transporting refined materials between stations.

You got this one covered or should I walk you through it? (Y/N to enter trading tutorial)

...Tutorial goes here (finding 

# Tidbits

## Comms

### Docking

"This is STA-deadbe, traffic control. Our tugs have you. Welcome to The Eternal
Rising Sun captain."


